Open Source WG: Specify sources in figures guidelines (#3692)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/community-handbook/style/style-figures.md

The term **image** is used to refer to the file object itself.

(ch-style-figures-licence)=

## Images sources

To facilitate figure modification, the availability of images sources is important to enable further editing.
It is recommended to provide original source files along with the final format (such as `jpg` or `png`) used by figures.

> > **Example:** Photoshop uses source files with a `psd` extension which allows manipulation of image layers before an export into a format like `jpg`.

Reviewer: At the risk of being pedantic, PSD is a file format, usually with a `.psd` extension.
We also might want to use a FOSS and/or open file format example like XCF?

> > **Example:** Photoshop source files have a `psd` extension images in this format can be more easily edited before being exported into a `jpg` format.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Example:** Photoshop uses source files with a `psd` extension to manipulate images layers before an export into a format like `jpg`.
```

If you use a new image file, please add the file in the `figures` directory by either uploading via GitHub or adding locally and pushing the change online when using git.

Please upload `.jpg`, `.png`, or `.svg` files that are under 1MB to allow them to load faster in the online book.
If your file is larger than 1MB, please use a local image editing tool or an online tool like [IMG2GO](https://www.img2go.com/compress-image) to compress your file.

To name your image file, please use all lowercase and separate words with hyphens (-).

### Images sources

To facilitate figure modification in the future, it is recommended to share the original/raw or editable version of the image (image sources) when available to go along with the format (such as `jpg` or `png`) used to integrate a figure in the book.
For example, open source software Inkscape uses `.svg` files and Photoshop uses source files with a `.psd` extension which allows manipulation of image layers before an export into a format like `.jpg`. 

> 

Reviewer 2: @RichardJActon Does this address your concern about the location of the raw file?
